README.md, before:

# markdown_npp

## Overview

This project provides a very simple user defined language file for Notepad++ that does some basic syntax highlighting for markdown texts. This is my version of the markdown theme for notepad++, if you want the original one, go [here](https://github.com/jjchiw/markdown_npp).

## Usage

Installation instructions (taken from Notepad++ Web site [1]):

1. Download the user-defined language to your computer
2. Open the file with your favourite text editor (such as notepad++ or
   notepad)
3. Click start, run, type (or paste in) %APPDATA%\Notepad++ then click ok
4. Open userDefineLang.xml with a text editor
5. If this is the first userdefined language you are adding, copy/paste the
   entire first file (which you downloaded) into the userDefineLang.xml, 
   replacing all that was there. If this is the second or more language you 
   add, simply copy everything from the first file starting at <UserLang...> 
   to </UserLang> and paste it at the end of the userDefineLang.xml right 
   before </NotepadPlus>
6. Save the newly improved userDefineLang.xml


[1]: http://notepad-plus.sourceforge.net/uk/site.htm


## Copyright and License

Copyright (c) 2010 Thomas Smits

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updated README.md for new install instructions
Corrected install instructions to use simpler Language > Import method
Correct notepad++ homepage url,

README.md, after:

# markdown_npp

## Overview

This project provides a very simple user defined language file for Notepad++ that does some basic syntax highlighting for markdown texts. This is my version of the markdown theme for notepad++, if you want the original one, go [here](https://github.com/jjchiw/markdown_npp).

## Usage

Installation instructions (taken from Notepad++ Web site [1]):

1. Download the user-defined language to your computer
   - Right-click on [userDefineLang.xml (RAW file format)][raw] and choose 'Save As'
2. In Notepad++ : 
   1. Choose menu `Language` > `Define your own language`
   2. Click `Import` 
   3. In the open dialog, browse to and select your downloaded *userDefineLang.xml* file, and click `open`.
   4. Wait for the 'Import successful' dialog to be shown.
5. Open a Markdown file in Notepad++ (file extension must be *.md* or *.markdown*)
   - Notepad++ _should_ format the file with Markdown language style
   - To manually choose Markdown style, select menu `Language` > `Markdown`


[1]: https://notepad-plus-plus.org/
[raw]: https://github.com/jjchiw/markdown_npp/raw/master/userDefineLang.xml


## Copyright and License

Copyright (c) 2010 Thomas Smits

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
